Revise intro based on full read (#29)
greenelab/annorxiver_manuscript: content/02.introduction.md

The scientific community has begun to analyze the impact of preprints in the life sciences.
Preprints are being posted at an increasing rate [@doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.3000269].
Preprints are also rapidly shared on social media, routinely downloaded, and cited [@doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0047523].
Articles with matching preprint versions are cited and discussed more often than articles without them [@doi:10.1162/qss_a_00043; @doi:10.7554/eLife.52646].
Certain categories of preprints seem to be read and shared differently by both scientists and non-scientists [@doi:10.1101/2020.03.06.981589].
Across preprint servers, analyses suggest that between two-thirds to three-quarters of preprints are eventually published [@doi:10.7554/eLife.45133.001; @doi:10.1002/pra2.175].
The time required for a preprint to be published can vary from preprint to preprint; however, preprints with a single version often take less time to publish than preprints with multiple versions [@doi:10.2139/ssrn.3455146], suggesting that authors may update their preprints between submissions for peer review.

> Studies of life sciences preprints have primarily focused on the metadata associated with these articles.
> The text content remains unexamined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Studies of life sciences preprints have primarily focused on the metadata associated with these articles; however, their textual content remains unexamined.

```
